Please take a few minutes to reflect on your experience in CSE 111 and
think about the challenges, successes, and all that you've learned
along the way.


Now, please respond thoroughly (1 - 2 paragraphs for each question) to
the following questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.

During the semester I gianed more and more understanding around functions, I knew prior that many functions
were built into python itself and others could be imported. But I think the thing that made me realize the true 
power of functions was when we learned to write our own. This was huge for me because now I would not be limited 
to those that were in python itself rather I could make anything a funtion. And the assignment that really 
showed me their power was the assignment where we had to use different functions to produce sentences that gramatically
made sense. I was able to use many different fuctions to produce basic random sentences and while mine were very basic
it gave me a small taste of what many more funcitons correctly organized and written could do.



2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?

One of the values of writing test functions is that instead of having to go through the process of entering every possible
senario to make sure your function works correctly you can test to make sure a specific goal is met. The implications of this
can greatly save time when it comes to working with files or imputs that are very large. Also when having to write a new fuction into
code in a progeram that already exists you can test it to make sure that your new function has not had and unexpected effect on 
something else in your code. Since your test function will specifically tell you where your code is failing. Overall if doen correctly
up from test funtions can save a lot of time later down the road and can save you from unexpected errors.



3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?

My process for troubleshooting and fixing a program can vary depending on my code and the situation but normally
I mainly rely on the debugging tool within VS code. Whether my code is just breaking and giving errors messages or is 
just simply giving the wrong output I will place a breakpoint around the area I think is giving me trouble. Then I will run 
through the debugging process watching the variables and other infomation to make sure it looks as expected until I find the line of code 
that is causing the error. Usually while doing this it helps me see more clearly what my funtions and other code are actually
doing and see what else needs to be done. Perhaps I could improve by learning better the different types of errors and what they mean.
 